Clarify Text CSA tokenization behavior and add type selection guidance (#4595)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/visibility/list-filter.mdx

#### Text

`Text` Search Attributes support word-level search.

> Both stored values and query strings are broken into tokens by the [Elasticsearch standard tokenizer](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/analysis-standard-tokenizer.html), and the `=` operator returns a result if any query token matches any indexed token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both stored values and query strings are analyzed by the [Elasticsearch standard analyzer](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/analysis-standard-analyzer.html), and the `=` operator returns a result if any query token matches any indexed token.
```

If you need exact matching on identifiers, UUIDs, or other structured strings, use `Keyword` instead.
See [Choose a string type](/search-attribute#choose-a-string-type).

##### Tokenization {#text-tokenization}

The standard tokenizer applies [Unicode word boundary rules](https://unicode.org/reports/tr29/) to split values into tokens.

> All tokens are lowercased.

Reviewer: This section is going to save so many people from headaches. One tiny thing on this line: the lowercase behavior seems to come from the standard analyzer's lowercase token filter rather than the tokenizer itself (the tokenizer alone would leave `QUICK` as `QUICK`). Since Temporal uses the standard analyzer for `Text` fields, everything written is true in practice but it might just be worth swapping "standard tokenizer" for "standard analyzer" so it holds up if someone goes digging in the ES docs. Super minor, great work on this!

> All tokens are lowercased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All tokens are lowercased by the analyzer's lowercase filter.
```

The splitting behavior depends on the delimiter:

> | Delimiter | Splits? | Example |

Reviewer: Love the tokenization table! Heads up on an edge case that might be worth double checking, a dot between a digit and a letter may split, so something like v1.ProcessOrder might tokenize into v1 and ProcessOrder rather than staying as one token. Could be worth a small note since that pattern shows up a lot in workflow names such as "Note: A dot between a digit and a letter (for example, v1.ProcessOrder) may split into separate tokens." Either way this is a great addition!
